hey what's going on guys am I jordan b
14 0 9 and then this video I'm going to
be showing you how you can store these
supercars that's a modded and also i
might can still things like Travis
blazer in your garage so I'd appreciate
it guys query to files on like to this
video and I'm gonna get straight into
this now and basically what you need to
do is mine any kind to GTA online now
when you might enter GTA 5 online
supercars it will say that the too
expensive to to a hot so you want be
able to store them in your garage so
what you need to do is leave them close
to your garage you want to go inside
your garage and you want to choose any
vehicle that you want to replace it with
you're going to go to quick job and you
want to press random and then you've got
a press a and am a and Auntie at the
same time and watch it happen is you'll
accelerate and accept that random job at
the same time now once it puts you into
a job what you want to do is you want to
then just back out and watch it happen
it's just born glitched inside your
garage like this so now you just want to
run to your car quickly the mud vehicle
and get inside of it now you have four
think 5 10 seconds and then what will
happen as you'll see you don't move
whatsoever just leave it and then boom
it will teleport here and what will
happen is you'll come out of the garage
with the vehicle but this means it's now
officially yours and if that personal
vehicle that you replaced it with so i
replaced the thing with the cheetah so
because I replaced that and it had
insurance on it this vehicle will have
insurance as well so now I can just
reverse and eyes can see go straighten
some a garage this added has green tint
windows and also as nitrous on it i may
be duplicating this for people so if we
get files on likes on my train find like
at which I might start twitch and start
actually live streaming I've never
actually tried that before and but I
hope you enjoy this video can reach a
thousand lights for this and then I'll
get some more videos outfit today thank
you for watching and I'll see you guys
in my next video take it easy
you